Hi Nathan, 

Thank you for contacting Adorama.

Yes, we can modify or change the item on your order. However,  when I checked  the replacement item the Western Digital WD Caviar Green 1TB 3.5" Internal Hard Drive, 64MB Cache, SATA 6GB/s, Single Pack this item is also in backorder status. According to the manufacturer estimates, we expect this item by 1st week of February 2012. 

Please let us know if you would still like to replace your order.

If you have any further questions, or require additional assistance, feel free to contact us. You may reply to this e-mail or call our toll-free phone number: (800)223-2500.


Thanks for Shopping with Adorama.

Red R. 
Customer Service Specialist 
www.adorama.com - More than a Camera Store
(800)223-2500.


Join Adorama on Facebook!
Follow Adorama on Twitter!
Watch & Learn on Adorama TV!

We have assigned the following tracking ID to your inquiry: LTK53304566980X. Please use this ticket number in any correspondence with us.

Please Rate How Well I Solved Your Inquiry


From: Nathan Perry [hacorie@gmail.com]
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Re: Backorder information - Ticket# LTK53304566980X



Thank you for the speedy reply!

If possible, can I change my order to this item:

Western Digital WD Caviar Green 1TB 3.5" Internal Hard Drive, 64MB Cache, SATA 6GB/s, Single Pack
This is the link to the above item: http://www.adorama.com/WD10EARX.html

If it is also out of stock, is there anyway to tell on your website which items are not on backorder?

--Nathan

On Tue, Jan 24, 2012 at 6:19 PM, A_Back Orders <service@adorama.com> wrote:

Hi,

Thank you for your inquiry on the status of your backorder. According to the manufacturer estimates we expect to fulfill your order by 3/15/12

Please note these are estimated dates given to us by the manufacturer. They are generally accurate, but are subject to change at the discretion of manufacturer.

When an item is out of stock, we try to accommodate the customer as best we can. Your options are:

1. Wait for the back-ordered merchandise to arrive. You are currently on the list for the item. We will ship the item as soon as it arrives to our warehouse.

2. If waiting is not an option, a different in-stock item may satisfy your needs. You can pick out a different item on the website and email us back with the substitution request. If you are unsure what other item might work, please call our sales department at 800-223-2500 where a representative should be able to assist you in locating a suitable replacement.

3. You can also cancel the back-ordered item. We understand that it is sometimes not possible to wait. We'll be sorry to lose your order, but we'd be sorrier to lose your goodwill as a customer. There is never a fee/deduction, as long as it is cancelled before the item ships. Simply reply to this email with your cancellation request.

If you do not respond, the order will remain open as-is and the item will automatically ship when it arrives. Please bear with us as we are at the mercy of the manufacturer. We hope to fulfill this order soon.



If you have any further questions, or require additional assistance, feel free to contact us. You may reply to this e-mail or call our toll-free phone number: (800)223-2500.

Thanks for Shopping with Adorama.

Elyssa K.
Customer Service Specialist
www.adorama.com - More than a Camera Store
(800)223-2500.


Join Adorama on Facebook! http://www.facebook.com/Adorama
Follow Adorama on Twitter! http://twitter.com/#!/adorama
Watch & Learn on Adorama TV!  http://www.adorama.com/alc/category/AdoramaTV

We have assigned the following tracking ID to your inquiry: LTK53304566980X. Please use this ticket number in any correspondence with us

-------------------------------------------->

 From:  [hacorie@gmail.com]
 To:
 Cc:
 Subject: Backorder information

 Name: Nathaniel Perry
Email: hacorie@gmail.com
Order Number: 10531994


Department: Customer Service on Existing orders
Topic: Backorder information

Comment:
How long do you think it will take to get this item in stock so I can determine whether I should wait on restocking or not?

--Nathan
