
	
 	
	
	Home		My Library		Wish List		Become a Member		Best Sellers		Give a Gift


		

		
In celebration of Black History Month, we're diving into the riveting stories behind some of the most groundbreaking and influential African-American voices.
 				
			Miles: The Autobiography
by Miles Davis
Narrated by Dion Graham
"Dion Graham IS Miles Davis", according to Diane from New Jersey, in this autobiography from jazz's great legend. "Davis' honesty, historical perspective, and insights into the jazz scene [help] make this one of my all-time most compelling listens." MORE	
				
			Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention
by Manning Marable
Narrated by G. Valmont Thomas
A criminal, minister, leader, and icon - assassinated at age 39 - Malcolm X was one of the most influential (and controversial) voices of the 20th century. This definitive bio unfolds his story amidst the tumult of race and class in 1950s and '60s America. MORE	
				
			I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
by Maya Angelou
Narrated by Maya Angelou
Now in unabridged audio, this modern classic narrated by Maya Angelou herself remains a poetic and powerful memoir of the black woman's experience in America. MORE	
				
	






		

 
The Shadow Patrol 
by Alex Berenson
Narrated by George Guidall 


 
Celebrity in Death 
by J.D. Robb 
Narrated by Susan Ericksen


 
Spellbound 
by Larry Correia 
Narrated by Bronson Pinchot 


 
Eisenhower in War and Peace 
by Jean Edward Smith 
Narrated by Paul Hecht 

See All New Releases 
	





		

      Tell us what you think of our newsletter.

You received this email at hacorie@gmail.com because you are a registrant or subscriber of Audible.com. 

STATUS CHANGES: If you want to unsubscribe from this email or if you received this email in error, please click here. Please do not reply to this email as we are not able to respond to messages sent to this address. 

© Copyright 2012 Audible, Inc. 1 Washington Park, 16th Floor. Newark, NJ 07102. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy 
Reference: 22791130

