
	
Email not displaying correctly? View it in your browser


Dear Nathan,

Because of corporate greed, our planet is on the brink. Greenpeace is taking action. 



Help make 2012 our best year yet by making your first gift and joining Greenpeace today.



Our planet is on the brink because of corporate greed.

Tuna companies are killing thousands of sea birds, sea turtles and sharks every year and putting entire populations of tuna at risk of extinction because of destructive fishing practices.
Pulp and paper companies in Indonesia are destroying the habitat of the 400 remaining Sumatran tigers while the agribusiness lobby in the Amazon is pushing for a new Forest Code bill that would open up a section of rainforest about the size of Minnesota to possible deforestation.
Energy companies are exerting their influence over the political process so that they can continue poisoning our air and water and causing global warming by burning coal.
These are global problems that require a global solution. Greenpeace's mission is to be part of that solution and we have plans to address each of these problems. And as a global organization that doesn't take a dime from corporations or governments, we are well positioned to make it happen. But we can't do it without your support.

Nathan, now is the time. Make your first gift to Greenpeace and become a member for 2012.

We have already surpassed our initial goal of getting 2,012 people to become a member online by February 29th. Now help us hit our new goal of 2,500. We only need 7 people from Tennessee to make it happen!

Thanks in advance for your support. It’s going to be a great year.

Sincerely,

Philip Radford
Greenpeace USA Executive Director


       
Click here to forward this message.

Greenpeace 
702 H Street, NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC 20001 | 1-800-722-6995 

You received this mailing because hacorie@gmail.comis subscribed to our mailing list. To change your subscriptions please click here. We value your privacy. If you have any questions about how we use your information please read our privacy policy.

