
VALENTINE'S DAY		BIRTHDAY		SAME DAY FLOWERS		GIFT BASKETS		ANNIVERSARY
SAVE $10 ON VALENTINE'S DAY BEST SELLERS!   SHOP NOW >
As requested, we are reminding you that
Valentine's Day is Tuesday, February 14th
IMPRESS HER FOR LESS
SAVE $10
on ALL Valentine's Day
Flowers, Plants & Gifts*
SHOP NOW >	
To order by phone, call 1-800-SEND-FTD (1-800-736-3383)	7 Day Satisfaction Guarantee)
Birthday Flowers | Same Day Flowers | Sympathy & Funeral | FTD Reminders Program
*Exceptions Apply: This offer expires at 11:59pm CT on 2/13/12. Where a promotion references a special collection only, the promotion applies only to that collection. All other exceptions apply. For purchases where miles or points may be awarded, such awards are not applicable to any products featured under "Add Special Gifts," FTD Gold Membership fees, or other fees such as service fees and shipping fees or applicable taxes. For promotions where discounts are available, discounts are applied to the standard retail prices set forth on the FTD.COM website (standard retail prices shall not include sale prices), and discounts are not applicable to (a) any products featured under "Add Special Gifts," (b) FTD Gold Membership fees, (c) other fees such as service fees, shipping and handling fees or applicable taxes, or (d) the following collections: Steuben, Namb, Baccarat, USO and Ultimate Roses, and any other special collection added by FTD.COM in its sole discretion. This offer is not available in retail stores and is available online only or, if offered, through the special toll-free number. Promotion cannot be combined with any other promotions, gift certificates, coupons, discounts or affiliate programs (including reward programs). Same day delivery is available in most locations if order is placed before 2pm in recipient's time zone. See www.ftd.com/custserv for more information on same day delivery. Quantities may be limited. Offer subject to change without notice.

You have received this advertisement from FTD.com:
3113 Woodcreek Drive, Downers Grove, Illinois 60515.
This email was sent to: hacorie@gmail.com. Please do not reply to this email.

If you would like to update your reminder communications or schedule,
please log into your account and update your reminder schedule.

If you do not wish to continue to receive reminder communications anymore,
please click here to unsubscribe.

© 2012 FTD.com, Inc.