	What's next for your student loan?
Sign in to your account to update contact information, make payments, and more.
			

Help protect your
belongings and more with renters insurance.†


Our FDIC-insured savings account offers 10% annual match on your Upromise® earnings, no monthly fees or minimum balance.‡
Find out more.



Great news—your loan funds have been sent to your school, and your school will provide you with any funds that remain after paying your outstanding balance. 

Pay what you can, when you can
With the Deferred Repayment Option, no payments are required until after school. Just remember that there are no penalties for paying early, and small payments today can add up to big savings. 

Earn rewards with Upromise®
Don't forget—a great way to get help with education costs is Upromise. This service can help turn your everyday spending into rewards to pay for college expenses, buy books, and more. Learn about Upromise. 

Questions?
Thanks for choosing Sallie Mae. If you have any questions, call 866-457-0708, Monday to Thursday from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Friday from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET.

	

† Renters Insurance is underwritten by American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida, an Assurant Specialty Property company, with its home office in Miami, Florida. In Minnesota, the underwriter is American Security Insurance Company, also an Assurant Specialty Property company. In Texas, personal liability coverage is underwritten by American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida. American Bankers Insurance of Florida has been in business since 1947 and has $1.5 billion in gross written premiums. 

‡ To be eligible for the 10% annual match on your Upromise earnings from Upromise you must link your High Yield Savings Account (HYSA) to your Upromise Account and, within 90 days of opening your HYSA, either: (1) set up an Automatic Savings Plan with a monthly deposit of $25 or more, or (2) fund the account with $5,000 or more. Once you complete the steps above, Upromise will match 10% of your Upromise earnings posted as "funded" to your Upromise Account during each calendar year. Your match will be deposited into your HYSA in the February after you have linked and funded your account as described above, provided that both accounts remain active and are in good standing at time of transfer. Visit the FAQs to learn more. Upromise may change or terminate the 10% annual match offer at any time without notice. Other terms and conditions may apply. Upromise Accounts are not FDIC insured, carry no bank guarantee and may lose value. Deposit products are offered through Sallie Mae Bank®, Member FDIC.

Information advertised valid as of February 10, 2012. 

Terms and conditions apply to the Upromise service. Participating company, contribution levels and terms and conditions are subject to change at any time without notice. Go to upromise.com to learn more. 

SALLIE MAE RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND BENEFITS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. CHECK THE SALLIE MAE WEBSITE (www.salliemae.com) TO OBTAIN THE MOST UP-TO-DATE PRODUCT INFORMATION. 

The Sallie Mae logo is a service mark of, and Sallie Mae, Sallie Mae Bank, Sallie Mae Smart Option Student Loan and Smart Reward are registered service marks of Sallie Mae, Inc. Upromise is a registered service mark of Upromise, Inc. SLM Corporation and its subsidiaries, including Sallie Mae, Inc. and Upromise, Inc., are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America. 

Other logos are trademarks or service marks of their respective owners. 

©2012 Sallie Mae, Inc. All rights reserved. 

Make sure Sallie Mae makes it to your inbox by adding SallieMae@email.salliemae.com. Instructions on how to add us can be found here. 
