Dear friend,
 
For 40 years SOCM members have been working hard to protect the resources and people of Tennessee. And this year is no exception. Right now preparations are underway for SOCM's Lobby Day scheduled for Wednesday, March 7th and we are hard at work planning and recruiting members to join us in Nashville to stand up for just legislation and fight against unfair policies that harm our communities. But we need YOUR support to make it all happen!
 
Consider making a tax-deductible donation today!
 
This year, SOCM members are working to pass two of our own bills:
 
The Sewanee Prohibition Bill 
Rock Creek Gorge, where the Sewanee coal seam is located, was designated as a "Lands Unsuitable for Mining" (LUM) site. However, in recent years exploratory drill permits have been issued in the area. We fear the LUM designation will be overturned and 25 years of work in the area will be lost.
 
The Responsible Coal Operators Act of 2012  
On January 2, 2012, a discharge of coal slurry "black water" was released into the New River from the Baldwin Coal Preparatory Plant in Anderson County. Neither Premium Coal, which owns the Plant, nor the Plant itself notified environmental officials of the spill as required by the permit issued to Premium Coal. Permit violations like this happen all the time. In response to this spill and the numerous other violations that go unpunished in the state, SOCM and its partners drafted the Responsible Coal Operators Act of 2012 which would allow the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation to consider past practices when deciding whether to issue, renew, or deny a permit for a coal mine.
 
SOCM members will also take action on several other important social, economic, and environmental justice-related legislative initiatives this legislative session. 
 
We are in a coalition that supports the Scenic Vistas Protection Act, which would prohibit strip mining on ridgelines above 2,000 feet.  
 
We are fighting the English-Only Driver License Bill, which would narrow the languages on the driver's license exam from four (English, Korean, Japanese, Spanish) to just English.
 
We have also signed on to the Tennessee Human Rights Statement, which is a direct response to legislation that has been introduced that would make it ok for school-age children to bully each other as long as there were religious or political justifications.
 
See our legislative page for more information on our 2012 legislative agenda.
 
We need your support to make Tennessee a cleaner, safer, and more fair place to live.
 
Together, we can move mountains . . . or at least work to protect them!
 
Sincerely yours,
 
 
Amelia Parker
Executive Director