Cousin Jay,

First, let me reiterate that last year, for the entirety of the year, you were THE ultimate amazing person for contacting me about media passes for the 10th anniversary Bonnaroo.This was pretty much the best thing that had happened to me in a long time, because I probably would have been unable to go otherwise. ((money constraints, senior year of my bachelor's degree, etc.). BJ and I had a great time going from tent to stage to tent to stage again. Even though I had used SLR cameras before, I had never collected such a huge amount of photographs in just one weekend. It was amazing with all the stuff we saw and did. Plus discovering some new music was also brilliant. I found there was actually some rap/R&B that I liked.(The Knux are in my top 20 music list now).

So, one year later, one day after the Bonnaroo lineup has been announced. One day after me seeing that 5 of my top 10 band of all time will be at the 'roo ((Red Hot Chili Peppers, Radiohead, Ben Folds Five, Flogging Molly, and The Beach Boys--albeit being old and decrepit.)) I have to send a request seeing if you need/would like/would be generous enough to allow us to do the same jobs. Of course, before you decide, I would like to boast on the advantages of letting us re-bonnaroo for you. ((Of course if the previous sentence is not necessary, just skip the next few lines =p)

1) We live in the area -- Advantage!: We know territory/geographic locales/and we like to camp in the hot muggy weather that TN summers bring. ((Also you/your company does not have to cover the cost of flying anyone out to TN for a weekend!)
2) We know Bonnaroo -- Advantage: The basic layout of the roo does not change. Stage locations, etc. We know how much time it takes from stage A to stage B in order to get the pictures we need/hear the people we need.
3) We are Smarter -- Last year, BJ forgot his camera charger and we were down one camera on the last day of the Roo. 
4) Free labor! -- You don't have to pay us! 
5) We are AMAZING! -- Who else do you know, who is crazy enough to sign up and train for Tough Mudder (www.toughmudder.com)? Maybe a few, but none as amazing as BJ and I.
6) We are also serious -- We know how to get the job done and allot time to do it.


Anyway, whether you need us((or would just like to help us out :DD )) by allowing us to represent you and Ballerstatus.com again, we would be completely grateful!
