Friend --

Sitting down for a meal with the President of the United States is just not a chance many people -- including me -- will ever get.

That's why you'd be crazy not to at least give this a shot.

We're drawing the first winner tonight at midnight.

Pitch in $2 or whatever you can to be automatically entered to sit down for a meal with the President.

Consider this: A couple months ago, Scott, a firefighter and dad from Georgia, opened an email about having dinner with the President. He pitched in a few dollars to support the campaign, figuring "Why not?"

Weeks later, the President was offering him a french fry from across the table.

So if you think that could never be you, remember that Scott thought that, too.

Chip in $2 or more to be automatically entered now:

https://donate.barackobama.com/The-First-Guest

Good luck,

Rufus

Rufus Gifford
National Finance Director
Obama for America






















No purchase, payment, or contribution necessary to enter or win. Contributing will not improve chances of winning. Void where prohibited. Winners will be selected throughout the promotion. Entries must be received by 2/22/12, 3/3/12, 3/18/12, and 3/31/12 to be eligible for each successive drawing. You may enter by contributing to Sponsor here or click here to enter without contributing. Four winners will each receive the following prize package: one round-trip ticket from within the fifty U.S. States, DC, or Puerto Rico to a destination to be determined by the Sponsor; hotel accommodations for one; and dinner with President Obama on a date to be determined by the Sponsor (approximate combined retail value $1,150). Odds of winning depend on number of entries received. Promotion open only to U.S. citizens, or lawful permanent U.S. residents who are legal residents of 50 United States, District of Columbia and Puerto Rico and 18 or older (or of majority under applicable law). Promotion subject to Official Rules and additional restrictions on eligibility. Sponsor: Obama for America, 130 E. Randolph St., Chicago, IL 60601.

Contributions or gifts to Obama for America are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to: hacorie@hotmail.com
Update address | Unsubscribe