ANTI-TERRORIST AND MONITORY CRIMES DIVISION
FBI   HEADQUARTERS IN WASHINGTON, D.C.
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
J. EDGAR HOOVER BUILDING
935 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, NW WASHINGTON, D.C. 20535-0001
Phone/Fax: 206-337-5630
 
This is to officially inform you that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has wired the sum of Ten Million, Five hundred thousand U.S Dollars ($10,500,000.00) into the United States of America in your name as the beneficiary.view the attached message for more details.
 
The said fund is still under intense investigation from this office regarding its source.
 
The CBN knowing fully well that they do not have enough facilities to effect this payment  directly into your account, used what we know as a secret diplomatic transit payment (S.D.T.P) to pay this  fund through wire transfer.
 
However, Secret diplomatic transfer payments are normally funds related to drug/terrorist and money laundering system of payment.
 
The Question now is why must your payment be made in such secret transfer? If your transaction is legitimate and not related to drug/terrorism, why cant the CBN effect direct transfer into your account than secret diplomatic payment transfer?
 
Due to the increased difficulties and thorough scrutiny by the American authorities when funds come in through such payment process from Europe, Africa and Middle East and based on the records we have had in the past, such method of payment has always been identified as drug/ terrorist/money laundering funds.
 
However, in line with the United States policy on funds transfer, as soon as these funds are transferred into the United States, it is our compulsory obligations to establish the credentials and official recognition of these funds before final crediting into your account.
For these reasons therefore, you are advised to contact the United States Funds Monitoring unit, a sub-division of the US Treasury department for the certificate of funds legality. They are still waiting for confirmation from you on the already transferred funds which was made in direct transfer so that they can do final crediting to your account.
 
Failure to provide this document within 3 days will warrant us to confiscate these funds and further charge you for money laundering offense.
 
We will allow the funds to be released into your account as soon as you make provision for the essential document.
 
 
Yours faithfully,
 
Robert S. Mueller, III
Director Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
s